I'm going to share with you five ways to
make money in 2026 using AI, even if
you're starting from zero. I spend all
day teaching AI to millions of people. I
hit 30 million views last month. And I
run a profitable AI business with
thousands of paying users. So, I know
exactly what's working right now and
what's not. And these work whether
you've got an audience or you're
starting with nothing. So, if you're
thinking I'm too late, or I don't have a
following, trust me, this gets you
moving. I'll even break down method
number five live and show you exactly
how I'd find clients willing to pay
right now. And don't sleep on this
because the economy is brutal right now.
And the smartest move is to build a
revenue stream before you desperately
need one. That's why I'll give you my
oneperson AI empire method so you can
skip the trial and error that most
entrepreneurs waste 2 years on. So
without further ado, here are the five
ways to make money with AI in 2026. Make
sure you hit follow, hit subscribe, and
hit the notification bell so you don't
miss my next tutorial. Okay, so method
number one that for sure I know works is
to build a personal brand in AI and make
money through sponsorships. So let's
talk about what specifically that means.
So when I say build a personal brand, I
mean basically do what I do. Basically
film yourself talking to a camera, post
it on social media, and share
occasionally useful AI tips and tricks.
Now, you might think you need like some
kind of like special knowledge to be
able to do this, but I guarantee you uh
because I scan lots and lots of social
media content, and honestly, 99% of AI
education out there is just reading the
manual. In college, there is a term
RTFM, read the effing manual. Uh,
basically if you open up Anthropic
Claude help docs and just go through it,
that is 100 videos worth of content
because, you know, a lot of people don't
realize they should just read the
documentation, but that's how you get
all of these social media videos.
Honestly, they're pretty basic. They're
just in the documentation. Um, or you
can ask Claude like, "Hey, what the
coolest new feature in Claude from the
past week?" Write a Tik Tok script and
then you hold hold up the camera and
read it. And I assure you, those are the
vast majority of videos that you're
watching on Tik Tok, on Instagram, and
even long- form tutorials on YouTube are
usually just basic rehashing of what's
already in the documentation for the AI
tool. Long story short, you don't need
any personal knowledge. You just need to
develop the habit of like either asking
Claude or finding something interesting
in the help docs and then filming a
video talking about it for about 45
seconds if it's short form. Now, you
might say like, "Well, how do you
actually make money from this?" Like,
and that's where sponsorships come in.
Now, I've previously made a video
talking about all of the different ways
that you can monetize a personal brand.
I listed at least a dozen different ways
that you can monetize a personal brand
to over $1 million. But for this
specific example, I'm going to talk
about sponsorships, or you might know
them as collaborations, uh, if you're an
influencer. So, for those of you who
aren't creators, all this means is that
when you start getting followers on
social media, you're going to start
getting all of these emails and DMs from
AI startups that want to pay you. And
this might sound crazy, but AI startups
right now are flushed with cash. They're
able to vibe code their products very,
very quickly. And what everyone is
trying to pay for is attention. So if
you are a creator and you are getting
the attention of people who could be the
customers for these startups, they're
willing to pay you a lot of money to go
and make videos promoting their tool.
That's what a sponsorship is. That's
what a collaboration is. It's not
specific to AI. This is how creators
have made money for the past 10, 15
years. So I personally don't do any
sponsorships and collaborations. That's
how all of my content is basically bias
free except when I push my own product.
It's really awesome. You should check it
out. But truthfully, there's like a ton
of money if you want to just make basic
AI content like chat GPT prompts or
here's the newest feature from Claude.
Like really basic stuff, guys. You do
not need any special knowledge,
technical background, or anything to be
able to make these videos. You grow your
following a little bit. You get the hang
of making content. And then your inbox
is going to be flooded with all of these
messages from companies trying to pay
you money to promote their product. Now
you might be wondering like oh well
which platform should I start with?
Always recommend people start with short
form platform. So let's say you make two
Tik Tok videos per day and then you
cross-ost those videos over to
Instagram, YouTube shorts, Facebook and
threads. You'll find that over time
Instagram long form YouTube pay the
most. Uh long form YouTube is a lot of
work to start with. So I don't really
recommend it. And the reason why I
recommend starting with Tik Tok is
because you can truly get explosive
growth with a brand new account. Like I
have seen brand new Tik Tok accounts and
their first video goes viral with over a
million views. Tik Tok truly doesn't
actually care how many followers you
have. They just care that you're not a
bot and that you're posting highquality
content. And then you just post it two
times a day. Now, you might be
wondering, well, what kind of videos do
I make? You have my full permission to
steal all of my content. So you can just
go to my Tik Tok, find the most viral
videos, and just copy them. And in the
beginning, you're going to feel really
awkward when you copy it word for word.
That's a good thing. That means you have
a moral compass. I'm usually not that
concerned. I think it's normal to try to
copy in the beginning. And you learn a
lot faster just by copying what
experienced creators are already doing.
Okay? And then start making AI content,
AI education. As you grow your channel,
you will naturally start getting inbound
requests to do these sponsorships or
collaborations. and you price each one
of them out. You could do a deal for one
video. You could do a package like, "Oh,
I'll make three videos spread out over a
month for this amount of money, etc."
Number two is making faceless videos.
And I'll show you guys a couple of
examples of things that are working
really well right now. And in total,
I'll give you three different ideas for
making faceless videos that actually
make money. So, number one, you can
actually use AI to make videos for Tik
Tok shop. Usually the ones I see do
involve some kind of AI avatar as well
as like them holding or interacting with
a physical product. The main thing
people mistake here for any kind of
faceless video is to never start with
automation. You never want to start with
automation before you've actually
figured out what works really well. And
to make highquality Tik Tok shop videos,
for example, you're going to have to sit
there in your AI video generation tool.
But don't make this mistake. Automation
comes after you've done a lot of trial
and error, figured out something that
works and then you can introduce bits
and pieces of automation to streamline
the process. So here are example Tik Tok
shop videos that have done really well
generating money and these videos were
all generated with AI. So another
example of this you may have heard is
this avatar monk. I forgot the exact
name. There's so many clones now on
Instagram. But basically, it's an AI
avatar of a monk uh talking about like
motivation, health, wellness, mindset,
etc. In just a few months, it racked up
over 2 million followers on Instagram.
Its business model is if you go to its
link in bio, it sells like a calendar
and some other just kind of like cheap
but fun products. And at the scale of
views it's getting and profile
interactions, it's actually making money
through these sales. Now again, if you
look at this avatar monk, it's not fully
automated, right? So this is actually
the number one mistake I see with people
trying to do faceless video is trying to
automate it from the beginning. So now
there's a lot of clones of this avatar
monk. You're going to see them all over
Instagram. But you don't have to clone
exactly this. I'm just giving an example
that is absolutely crushing it on social
media and getting all of these views and
able to convert it into revenue by
selling like some simple products in
their bio. And then a third idea for
making money with Faceless is offering
AI avatar services to business owners.
The value prop here is business owners
are already experts in the problem and
the solution, but they lack the time to
sit there and film content, especially
long- form YouTube content or even
shorts. So, the offer here is basically
to make an AI clone of that business
owner. Very, very high quality, by the
way. It needs to really look like them.
The brand voice needs to sound like
them. You're going to want a custom 11
Labs voice as well. It's as high quality
as possible. And we're going to take
that expertise within the business
owner's head and make posts, social
media content, educational material
using the avatar and the amazing stuff
that is already in the business owner's
head. And so the value prop here is like
being able to post right on social media
without having to like sit there and
film and edit. That is the value prop
for a busy business owner who's already
generating revenue. They already have a
deep understanding of the pain points.
They already have customer testimonials
and traction and traffic. They already
have all of those things. The one thing
they do not have is time. What you're
offering is the ability to scale
marketing using the business owner as
the personal brand for the company
without having to sit there and film
every time. Now, my own AI avatar has
gotten millions of views on social
media. The avatar doesn't really add
value to the viewer or the audience. The
avatar is very much for the creator.
It's not even that it saves time. It's
that like you can outsource parts of the
video creation to someone else. So it
doesn't have to be like me literally
standing here filming this every single
time. So here are three different
validated ways to make money with
faceless videos. And item number three
is claude training for businesses. So
let's dive into that. So, the reason for
this idea specifically and Claude
specifically because it's just blowing
up right now in 2026, a lot of people
are migrating from chat over to Claude.
People are realizing, hey, I can
actually get a lot of work done with
cloud co-work and cloud code. I
personally publicly switched from cursor
to cla code and I've been using cloud
code for over a year on the max plan. I
absolutely recommend it to all
businesses out there. you're going to be
way more productive, way faster than
like having to learn automation
platforms like nen or make.com. Um, it's
just so easy to work with claude and you
can truly build up a custom fine-tuned
system for your specific use case and
needs. So, different things you can
offer training on are obviously
prompting, building skills, how do you
use Claude in a team setting? So, how do
you collaborate with other people? How
to set up project? How to schedule
tasks? There are so many things you
could do within cloud co-work and
streamline or automate with cloud
co-work or cloud code. This is really
just the beginning. The pitch here is
like I'll train your team how to use
claude in one day. It I'll save you 5
hours per week per person and that
should be worth 5 to 10k or whatever
number that you want to charge. Business
owners always want to save time and make
more money. Those are literally the two
levers, the two ways to pitch at all
times a business owner because it
resonates and you can show them
different things you could do. You
could, for example, create like a weekly
report that goes through the CEO's email
inbox and then sends a notification to
Slack with like all the things you've
dropped the ball on the past week. Like
you can showcase really small but
powerful uh use cases like that in a
very short period of time. In terms of
getting your first five customers for
this, I have other videos that go into
more detail, but basically you can
combine creating content with cold
outreach. Specifically, I would reach
out to people on Instagram and LinkedIn.
A lot of business owners live on
Instagram and or LinkedIn. That's why
I'm suggesting focusing on these two
social media platforms. And I would just
cold DM people like ask them, "Hey, are
you guys using Claude? Do you want to
learn Claude?" If they commented on a
previous Claude video, you could ask
them, "Hey, did that skill or tactic
that was in the video, did that work for
you?" I figured out a slightly better
way to do it. Let me know if you're
interested. Like, there are all kinds of
ways to get into people's DMs. And just
be creative about it. You know,
recommend trying to lead with some kind
of value. In that example I gave, the
opening DM is hinting at a better
solution that you're going to share. And
you can create a lead magnet as well to
help with some of the outreach like,
"Hey, I compiled a hundred different
useful marketing skills for Claude. Let
me know if you'd like to take a look."
You give that for free. And then at the
bottom of the list, you have uh
information about how to contact you for
customized training or training for your
team. But there's definitely massive
demand for Claude training and
specifically for businesses. Like how do
we all work together as a team to be
productive using cloud? And number four
is vibe coding. But I'm going to limit
it to one feature. So there are two
mistakes that people frequently make
when it comes to vibe coding, which
results in them spending a bunch of time
in developing and making literally zero
dollars. So don't make these two
mistakes. Okay, mistake number one is
that you are way over complicating your
first version. I have seen first
versions that look like I like a team
took 6 months to do it. Like so
polished. There are so many assumptions
baked in of how you think users will use
your app. I would really encourage you
to start with one feature and ideally in
the first 90 seconds of a new user
signing for your app, they are using
that one feature and getting value from
your app immediately. Everything else
should just be removed in the first
version of your app. The key to keeping
it simple to one feature is like
describe your app in one sentence. And
it cannot be a run-on sentence with like
five commas and semicolons and things
like that. Just like very simply try to
describe what your app does in one
sentence. So let's just go through an
example. So let's take like a really
popular well-known example like Cal AI,
right? So they grew this mobile app to
many many millions in revenue in a tiny
tiny fraction of time. But the very
first version of it was conceptually
really simple. Okay, you take a photo of
food. This is supposed to be a plate.
And then AI uses vision to analyze the
calorie breakdown of what's on your
plate. User takes photo and AI outputs
calorie breakdown. So user takes photo
of food and output calorie breakdown.
Like that's it. That's the one sentence.
And this mobile app like obviously it's
grown a ton since then. They have
engineers. They're adding new features
all of the time. But what I'm trying to
emphasize is like starting with a really
really really simple idea. Um, the other
benefit to simplicity is that other
people can describe it. This is actually
one of my challenges with one app. Like
people describe what it does in all
different ways, which means to me I need
to work on simplifying stuff. But the
simpler you can make your app, the
easier it is it's going to build. It's
also easier for other people to
understand. So customers can share it
with other people by word of mouth.
Influencers can make content about it
because they actually understand what
your app does. Okay. So there are many
downstream effects of simplicity. And
that's why I really, really encourage
you to do not over complicate your first
version. Now, let's move on to the
second most common mistake I see people
make with vibe coding. And this is the
real reason that they never make a
single dollar. When you're vibe coding
something and you start out, it's like
90% of your time is focused on the
product. And that's normal cuz you're
like trying to figure it out, trying to
make it a really seamless, streamlined
experience that first 90 seconds like we
just talked about. Once you launch your
product, you have to switch this to 90%
of your time on marketing. At least
until you have like a stream of users
coming in so you have a nice little
flywheel of user feedback so that you
can go and improve the product. But
until you have like a stream of users
coming in, you have to spend at least
90% of your time on marketing or
somebody on your team has to. It doesn't
have to be you. Maybe you have a
co-founder who's going to spend all that
time on marketing. This is the second
biggest mistake that kills vibecoded
apps because people think, "Oh, I vibe
coded it. I'm just going to launch it,
but then nobody signs up for it." Um,
I've seen a lot of people come to me
with their Vibe Code products and they
ask, "Why don't I have any users?" And
I'm like, "Why don't you do any
marketing?" Um, so the answer is really
obvious, but it's comfortable to stay
here. It's comfortable to keep adding
features because your justification is,
well, I'm improving the product,
therefore users will come, right? And
that's just like not true. That's not
how the world works. If you think about
the products you use, I bet you heard
about them from marketing and not just
because like the product was so great,
you sought it out yourself somehow. You
weren't exposed to any marketing and
then you ended up using the product.
it's just not realistic. Don't make this
mistake. Now, I'm going to give a couple
of really practical resources that I
love. So, especially if you're doing
anything consumer oriented. Um, I
personally love this blog. It's called
social growth engineers.com. Anything
consumeor oriented, mobile apps, etc.
They basically provide weekly case
studies of the most viral consumer
marketing. So, think Tik Tok videos and
reals that go absolutely viral, like 10
million views plus that are promoting a
product. And I love browsing these, even
though my app is kind of B2B, so not all
of the examples would directly transfer
to my use case, but I learned so much
just by seeing like, oh, that's a really
cool way that they went viral with that
hook and then they naturally
incorporated the product or they didn't
incorporate the product and everyone in
the comments is asking what's the
product. So, this is the number one
resource I recommend like hanging out
here every single week to see the latest
new viral trends that are actually
working to promote products. And then
the last thing I'll say on this topic is
I mentioned switching 90% of your effort
to marketing, but what does that
actually look like? And there are lots
of options. I'm just going to broadly
illustrate two of them. Let's take that
example again of a single feature mobile
app you're building. Let's say it's Cal
AI where you take a picture of food and
you get a calorie breakdown. So, one way
to do this is to make your own social
media posts. Like make your own Tik Tok
posts and reels and YouTube videos
promoting your own product. So,
basically doing it yourself, doing the
marketing yourself. Honestly, I
encourage everyone to do this if you've
never posted on social media. I just
think you learn a lot. What you want to
do is go to socialg growtheng
engineers.com the website I just talked
about and then figure out like oh I
could use a variation of this post that
went viral for my niche for my app and
then go do that and post multiple times
per day. The other path is to pay other
people to do that for you. So micro
influencers. So you can think of a micro
influencer as someone who has like a
little bit of a following but more
importantly they make videos that get a
lot of views. Now, I'm actually the
opposite of a micro influencer. If you
look at my content, I'm a macro
influencer. I have lots of followers,
but I'm actually really bad at making
content that goes viral. So, you don't
want to pay me. Um, you want a micro
influencer who doesn't have that many
followers, but they're just like really
in tune to trends. Like, I'm not, by the
way. They're really in tune to like
viral trends and and they're usually
very like social media native. Um, and
so they can like make content that just
goes crazy crazy viral even though they
don't have lots of followers. And so you
can pay micro influencers to do this.
You can do something like X per video. I
personally recommend multiple videos. So
let's say you pay a certain rate for
like five videos because it helps
distribute the risk. There's never a
guarantee that any particular video
would do well. But if it's a creator who
consistently knows how to get views,
then out of five videos, maybe one of
them will pop and it'll make it worth it
for paying for all five videos, even if
just one of them pops. Now, the goal
with both of these approaches, whether
you do it yourself or you pay micro
influencers to do it for you, the goal
with both of these approaches, is to
find your repeatable viral format. This
is especially true again for consumer
mobile apps, but the concepts still
apply even to B2B. So what this means is
you have figured out a hook and a format
for your video that repeatedly performs
really really well. Um so for example,
if you look at my social accounts right
now, there's a hook like what happens
when you ask Claude to make you as much
money as possible? What happens when you
ask ChatGBT to make you as much money as
possible? And then I just walk through
like the three prompts that I ran. That
is an example of a repeatable viral
format. It consistently does really,
really well. That doesn't mean every
video will, but the majority of videos
are doing really, really well. And it's
easily repeatable. Anyone could do it. A
micro influencer could do it. The goal
is always to find this. And then when
you have a network of micro influencers,
you can tell all of them to create
videos in your repeatable viral format.
And you just keep milking this like
again and again and again until the
format no longer work. and you have to
find your new repeatable viral format.
What I'm summarizing here is the entire
playbook for consumer marketing in 2026.
So, it may sound really simple, but
that's because I am simplifying all of
the concepts as much as possible, but
this is the playbook to make your
consumer app especially do really,
really well. And you can obviously
extract some pieces of this for your B2B
app as well. Okay, so we've covered
sponsorships, right? building a personal
brand and working with AI companies that
will sponsor your videos. We've covered
a couple of niches for faceless video
creation that are profitable. Cloud
training for businesses. Everybody wants
to learn cloud right now. Super super
hot. Number four is vibe coding, but
think about it in terms of building a
single feature app. And number five is
setting up AI marketing automations.
Now, I'm very specific here. I'm going
to very specifically walk through what
AI marketing automations I'm referring
to. Um, I didn't want to say AI
automation agency and leave it so
generic. So, I'm going to talk about
three distinct marketing automations
that are really, really useful to
business owners. Number one is setting
up Go High Level. If you haven't heard
of this, it's basically like a white
label CRM. Um, and it comes with all of
these different snapshots for different
industries, like a real estate snapshot,
a plumber snapshot, etc. And you can
configure it to do a lot like it can be
your CRM, it can handle all of your
leads. For example, if you're running
Facebook ads, Google ads, Tik Tok ads.
You funnel everything through Go High
Level. You can have chat automations,
email automations, and follow-ups. It
has a powerful workflow builder inside
as well. The downside of the platform,
honestly, is it has so many features
that it's really overwhelming to set up.
Like, the learning curve is really
steep, but the price point is pretty
reasonable for the suite of features you
get. I think you get AI voice now. And
so the opportunity here is to set up goh
high level for business owners because
what's what normally happens is like oh
go high level I've heard so much about
it I'm going to dive in and then people
spend like 10 minutes in there and are
completely overwhelmed like they're sold
on the promise that it will make them
more productive but they have no idea
what to click right so the play here is
just to set up go high level and
obviously incorporate AI automations for
example if you have chat workflows or
email flows that can use chat GBT or
Claude, etc. to respond to customers in
a realistic way. You hook it up to the
company's knowledge base, all of the
information about their products and
services and offers. And then AI will
respond to inbound leads in an actually
intelligent way and in many cases drive
to a meeting. AI can qualify a customer
through conversation, drive to a
meeting, and book the meeting all
through conversation. Right? So, it is
really powerful especially when you pair
it with AI automations like that. Number
two is setting up many chat AI
automations for really busy business
owners. Um, ManyHat works really well in
my opinion for Facebook and Instagram
and and what you want to do is look for
fast growing creators or businesses and
test out their automation. So, for
example, let's say you're a realtor
posting videos on Instagram and one of
your videos is like comment this or like
let me know if you're interested in the
thing comments below. What you want to
do is actually comment on the video and
see if they follow up. Cuz if they don't
follow up or it's a chaotic process,
that means this creator, this realtor is
in a lot of pain. That means they do not
have solid processes in place to follow
up with each client. And that's exactly
what you're going to DM them. You can
say, "Hey, I asked you for this, but I
haven't heard anything back from you. Do
you need help automating some of your
pipeline and your workflows?" So
basically look for creators or
businesses that are doing well on social
media but their process is broken.
Converting social media attention. These
are supposed to be eyeballs into money.
This funnel is broken and inefficient.
And that's what you're going to tell
them when you DM them that you help them
fix the funnel so they can more
efficiently convert attention eyeballs
to revenue. Okay. And the third one is
actually similar to many chat. So on
LinkedIn a lot of people want to
automate it but it's a little bit
dangerous. it's a little bit risky. Um,
I've personally had my LinkedIn account
temporarily suspended multiple times.
So, I've learned the hard way as well.
And there are tools to help you do it
more safely. So, for example, they're
kind similar to Many Chats, but
specifically for LinkedIn. So, there's
Expandy, there's Phantom Buster, Lead
Shark is another one, especially if you
do a lot of like lead magnet posts like
comment this to get this automation. And
the concept is the same like you're
trying to help startup founders,
business owners, creators basically be
able to take their LinkedIn traffic,
their eyeballs, and convert it into
revenue. So this is a very high ROI use
case that is actually like pretty easy
to sell because it's directly tied to
revenue. Okay, so just to recap, we
talked about building a personal brand
and getting sponsorships, different
niches for faceless videos, training
businesses on how to use Claude, vibe
coding by keeping it really simple and
then focusing on marketing, and then
building out AI marketing automations to
help businesses, founders, and creators
be able to convert attention into
revenue more efficiently. So, these are
five ways to make money with AI in 2026,
even if you're starting from zero. Okay?
None of these things actually requires
like a ton of technical skill or knowhow
beforehand. You will learn in the
process. These are not the only ways to
make money, but I just wanted to focus
on five instead of giving you like a
list of 40 things and you have no idea
what to do with that list. Each of these
has pros and cons, right? So if one path
really resonated with you, like it
sounds a lot more fun than the other
paths, then honestly go with that
because the number one reason people
fail is that they just don't stick to
any particular path long enough to see
compounding returns. So go with a path
that you will actually stick to for a
whole year. That's my very honest
advice. If you like this video, hit
like, hit subscribe, and hit the
notification bell so you don't miss my
next training. Thanks for watching.